
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.023157                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23157091500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                34588026500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  79385                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   153494                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               91916802                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2353148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   251.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    20000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      38670487                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::l2.prefetcher      2532096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       110400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       717440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            3359936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       110400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        110400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1328512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1328512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::l2.prefetcher        39564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1725                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               52499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         20758                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              20758                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::l2.prefetcher     109344302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      4767438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     30981438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             145093178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      4767438                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          4767438                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        57369554                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             57369554                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        57369554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::l2.prefetcher    109344302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      4767438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     30981438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            202462732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       52499                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      20758                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     52499                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    20758                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                3351424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    8512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1326080                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 3359936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1328512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    133                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              3397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              3263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              2875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              2508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              3495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              4082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              3791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              3217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              3440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              3710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             3649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             2918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             2900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             3701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             2705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   23155841000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 52499                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                20758                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   31165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   12771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    8200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        19805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    236.152083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.139814                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   225.821819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         5887     29.72%     29.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7378     37.25%     66.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2855     14.42%     81.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1474      7.44%     88.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          696      3.51%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          420      2.12%     94.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          224      1.13%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          162      0.82%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          709      3.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        19805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1205                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      43.342739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     31.819893                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     62.697578                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31            771     63.98%     63.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           291     24.15%     88.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            64      5.31%     93.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           27      2.24%     95.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           13      1.08%     96.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            4      0.33%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            8      0.66%     97.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            6      0.50%     98.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            2      0.17%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      0.33%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            3      0.25%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            3      0.25%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.08%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            2      0.17%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.08%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            2      0.17%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            2      0.17%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::832-863            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1205                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.195021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.153124                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.212192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              564     46.80%     46.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                8      0.66%     47.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              509     42.24%     89.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               92      7.63%     97.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               27      2.24%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.17%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.17%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1438945757                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              2420808257                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  261830000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27478.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46228.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       144.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        57.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    145.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     57.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.26                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    40284                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   12995                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 76.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                62.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     316090.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    72.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 73434900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 39031575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               190123920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               53082180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1842076080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1346640390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             70598400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5590240800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2143175040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        703338375                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            12052235190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            520.455458                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          20012535217                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    106760749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     781218000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2178492001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5581217306                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2250067535                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  12259335909                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 67987080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 36128400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               183769320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               55076220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1788602400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1413542430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             71364000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5217895710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2131670880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        872349375                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            11838565815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            511.228507                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          19869814821                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    110970250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     758640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2877000750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5550904819                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2416659680                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11442916001                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                     8                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            142790                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             4437003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            143302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             30.962603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     9.456821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   502.543179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.018470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.981530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           9221742                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          9221742                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2821926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         2821926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1574760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1574760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      4396686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          4396686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      4396686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         4396686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       111634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        111634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        31156                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        31156                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       142790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         142790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       142790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        142790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2382614000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2382614000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    472312000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    472312000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2854926000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2854926000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2854926000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2854926000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2933560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2933560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1605916                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1605916                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4539476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4539476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4539476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4539476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019401                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019401                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21343.085440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21343.085440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15159.584029                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15159.584029                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19993.879123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19993.879123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19993.879123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19993.879123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        58218                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             58218                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       111634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       111634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        31156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        31156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       142790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       142790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       142790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       142790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2270980000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2270980000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    441156000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    441156000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2712136000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2712136000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2712136000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2712136000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019401                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019401                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20343.085440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20343.085440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14159.584029                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14159.584029                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18993.879123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18993.879123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18993.879123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18993.879123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            169527                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            14290761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            170039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             84.044019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   143.480971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   368.519029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.280236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.719764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          27600333                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         27600333                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13545875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        13545875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13545875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         13545875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13545875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        13545875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       169528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        169528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       169528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         169528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       169528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        169528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2360472500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2360472500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2360472500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2360472500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2360472500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2360472500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13715403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13715403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13715403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13715403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13715403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13715403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13923.791350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13923.791350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13923.791350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13923.791350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13923.791350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13923.791350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       169527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            169527                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       169528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       169528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       169528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       169528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       169528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       169528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2190945500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2190945500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2190945500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2190945500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2190945500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2190945500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12923.797249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12923.797249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12923.797249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12923.797249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12923.797249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12923.797249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            70790                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified               70796                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit                    3                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage                   788                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     54958                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                         4096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      649825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     59054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     11.003912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      234.716885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        133.838769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        327.403469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::l2.prefetcher  2706.679961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   119.080014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   574.280903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.057304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.032675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.079932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::l2.prefetcher     0.660811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.029072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.140205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022          2444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          1652                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2         1055                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         1264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.596680                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.403320                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5052030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5052030                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        58218                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            58218                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       169527                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           169527                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        30229                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 30229                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       167665                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             167665                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       100950                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            100950                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        167665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        131179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   298844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       167665                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       131179                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  298844                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          927                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 927                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1862                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1862                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        10684                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           10684                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  13473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1862                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11611                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 13473                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     75681500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      75681500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173636500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    173636500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1042402000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1042402000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173636500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1118083500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1291720000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173636500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1118083500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1291720000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        58218                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        58218                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       169527                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       169527                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             31156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       169527                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         169527                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       111634                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        111634                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       169527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       142790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               312317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       169527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       142790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              312317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029753                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.029753                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010984                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.010984                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095706                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.095706                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.043139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.043139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81641.316073                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81641.316073                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93252.685285                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93252.685285                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97566.641707                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97566.641707                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93252.685285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96295.194212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95874.712388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93252.685285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96295.194212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95874.712388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.unused_prefetches                     16420                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                20758                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     20758                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          385                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total              385                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          137                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           137                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          137                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          723                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           723                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::l2.prefetcher        40256                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total          40256                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          542                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            542                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1725                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1725                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        10668                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        10668                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::l2.prefetcher        40256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            53191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::l2.prefetcher   3047815596                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3047815596                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     46775500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46775500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    150625500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150625500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    933197500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    933197500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    150625500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    979973000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1130598500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::l2.prefetcher   3047815596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    150625500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    979973000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4178414096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.041416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.170311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::l2.prefetcher 75710.840521                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75710.840521                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86301.660517                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86301.660517                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87319.130435                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87319.130435                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87476.331084                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87476.331084                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87319.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87419.536128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87406.146115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::l2.prefetcher 75710.840521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87319.130435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87419.536128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78554.907710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        105055                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        52556                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              51957                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        20758                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            31798                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               542                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              542                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         51957                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       157554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       157554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 157554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4688448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      4688448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4688448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             52499                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   52499    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               52499                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           206084911                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          274260123                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 46314183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              19129073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses      19042863                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses          44021                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls              419009                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts      1467745                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts             19042863                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                 44021                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads     37951867                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes     15425736                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads        71615                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes        36316                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_cc_register_reads      9237151                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_cc_register_writes      5407331                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs               4539050                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts             2933188                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts            1605862                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles           46314183                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                   2156646                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         48875      0.26%      0.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu          14411136     75.34%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult            49007      0.26%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv             47665      0.25%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd           33340      0.17%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv               0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMisc              0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead          2922511     15.28%     91.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite         1605862      8.39%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemRead        10677      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total           19129073                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       624634                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       312317                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           3817                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3817                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34588026500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            281161                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        78976                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       169527                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          118772                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq            49250                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            31156                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           31156                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        169527                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       111634                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       508581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       428370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                936951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     21699456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12864512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               34563968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          104208                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1328512                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           416525                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.009164                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.095289                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 412708     99.08%     99.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   3817      0.92%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             416525                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          540062000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         254290500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         214185000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
