
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.018500                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18500202500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                29837264500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  97692                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   182685                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               90365877                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2363620                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   204.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    20000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      37400333                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::l2.prefetcher      1221696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       131008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       131776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1484480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       131008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        131008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1206656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1206656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::l2.prefetcher        19089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         2059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               23195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         18854                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              18854                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::l2.prefetcher      66036899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      7081436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      7122949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              80241284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      7081436                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          7081436                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        65223935                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             65223935                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        65223935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::l2.prefetcher     66036899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      7081436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      7122949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            145465219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       23195                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      18854                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     23195                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    18854                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1484288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1204800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1484480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1206656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   17674065500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 23195                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                18854                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   19469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    1083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                     496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         6566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    409.547365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.394898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   370.284644                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1746     26.59%     26.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1420     21.63%     48.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          759     11.56%     59.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          455      6.93%     66.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          293      4.46%     71.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          247      3.76%     74.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          213      3.24%     78.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          138      2.10%     80.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1295     19.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         6566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.191638                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.234388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     13.135397                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            225     19.60%     19.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           712     62.02%     81.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           102      8.89%     90.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39            42      3.66%     94.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47            30      2.61%     96.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            12      1.05%     97.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            11      0.96%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71             4      0.35%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79             2      0.17%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87             2      0.17%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95             1      0.09%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            1      0.09%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.09%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.09%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.09%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1148                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.398084                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.368754                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.034318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              975     84.93%     84.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               11      0.96%     85.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               87      7.58%     93.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               44      3.83%     97.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               21      1.83%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                5      0.44%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                4      0.35%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1148                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    620847970                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1055697970                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  115960000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     26769.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45519.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        80.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        65.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     80.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     65.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    19954                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   15497                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                82.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     420320.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    84.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 22076880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 11734140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                79346820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               49078440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         408120960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            586095660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             32017920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       681273120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       524160960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       3497221005                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             5891173365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            318.438318                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          16408914374                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     64725253                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     173444000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  14272399000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1365012519                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1130539373                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1494082355                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 24804360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 13183830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                86244060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               49188060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         539653920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            518983860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             32146560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1120827480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       733267200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       3193620885                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             6312014985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            341.186265                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          16644562207                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     60460238                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     229336000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  12910652000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1909567889                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     932158055                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2458028318                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   271                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             26641                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             5359552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             27153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            197.383420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    74.564621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   437.435379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.145634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.854366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           7721207                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          7721207                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2705991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         2705991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1114651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1114651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      3820642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          3820642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3820642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         3820642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          5183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        21458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        26641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          26641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        26641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         26641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    185199500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    185199500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    425066500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    425066500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    610266000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    610266000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    610266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    610266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2711174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2711174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1136109                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1136109                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3847283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3847283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3847283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3847283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018887                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018887                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35732.104959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35732.104959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19809.231988                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19809.231988                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22907.023010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22907.023010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22907.023010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22907.023010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        23045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             23045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        21458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        26641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        26641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    180016500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    180016500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    403608500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    403608500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    583625000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    583625000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    583625000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    583625000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018887                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018887                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34732.104959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34732.104959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18809.231988                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18809.231988                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21907.023010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21907.023010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21907.023010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21907.023010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             19900                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            16294265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             20412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            798.268910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    67.785035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   444.214965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.132393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.867607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          27281182                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         27281182                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13610741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        13610741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13610741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         13610741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13610741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        13610741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        19900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         19900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        19900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          19900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        19900                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         19900                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    459437500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    459437500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    459437500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    459437500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    459437500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    459437500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13630641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13630641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13630641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13630641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13630641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13630641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23087.311558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23087.311558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23087.311558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23087.311558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23087.311558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23087.311558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        19900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             19900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        19900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        19900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        19900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        19900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    439537500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    439537500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    439537500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    439537500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    439537500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    439537500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22087.311558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22087.311558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22087.311558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22087.311558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22087.311558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22087.311558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued            73388                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2.prefetcher.pfIdentified               73388                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2.prefetcher.pfBufferHit                    0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2.prefetcher.pfInCache                      0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull                  0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2.prefetcher.pfSpanPage                  3408                       # number of prefetches not generated due to page crossing
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     24311                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                         4096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      260303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     28407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      9.163340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      297.135730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        269.569096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        735.686172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::l2.prefetcher  2238.065733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   255.716286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   299.826983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.072543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.065813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.179611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::l2.prefetcher     0.546403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.062431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.073200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022          3151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           945                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         3141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          940                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.769287                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.230713                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    768967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   768967                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        23045                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            23045                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        19900                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            19900                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20221                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 20221                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        17853                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              17853                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4225                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              4225                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         17853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         24446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    42299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        17853                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        24446                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   42299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1237                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1237                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2047                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2047                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          958                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             958                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2195                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4242                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    159032500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     159032500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222100000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    222100000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127819500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    127819500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222100000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    286852000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        508952000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222100000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    286852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       508952000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        23045                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23045                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        19900                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        19900                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21458                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             21458                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        19900                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          19900                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5183                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          5183                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        19900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        26641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                46541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        19900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        26641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               46541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.057647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102864                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.102864                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.184835                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.184835                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.091145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.091145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 128563.055780                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128563.055780                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 108500.244260                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108500.244260                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 133423.277662                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133423.277662                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 108500.244260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 130684.282460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119979.255068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 108500.244260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 130684.282460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119979.255068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.unused_prefetches                       265                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                18854                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     18854                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total              131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          136                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                136                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           12                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            12                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::l2.prefetcher        19089                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total          19089                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1106                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1106                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2047                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2047                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          953                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          953                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::l2.prefetcher        19089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            23195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::l2.prefetcher   1368553666                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1368553666                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    133773000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    133773000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201630000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    201630000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117569000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117569000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201630000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    251342000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    452972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::l2.prefetcher   1368553666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201630000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    251342000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1821525666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.183870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.183870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.088223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::l2.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.498378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::l2.prefetcher 71693.313741                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71693.313741                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 120952.079566                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120952.079566                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98500.244260                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98500.244260                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 123367.261280                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123367.261280                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98500.244260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 122069.936863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110319.532392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::l2.prefetcher 71693.313741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98500.244260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 122069.936863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78530.962104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         46154                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        22959                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              22089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        18854                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4105                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1106                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1106                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         22089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        69349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        69349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  69349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2691136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2691136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2691136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             23195                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   23195    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               23195                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           138515636                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          121681759                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 37000405                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              17887626                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses      16365381                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses        2792283                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls              180849                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts      1731553                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts             16365381                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts               2792283                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads     31133067                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes     12152597                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads      4190202                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes      2471411                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_cc_register_reads      9827983                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_cc_register_writes      6669740                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs               3845702                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts             2711120                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts            1134582                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles           37000405                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                   2070980                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         74815      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu          12854555     71.86%     72.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult            10225      0.06%     72.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv              5861      0.03%     72.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd         1096468      6.13%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv               0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMisc              0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead          1647335      9.21%     87.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          853310      4.77%     92.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemRead      1063785      5.95%     98.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMemWrite       281272      1.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total           17887626                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        93082                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        46541                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1364                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1364                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29837264500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             25083                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        41899                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        19900                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            9053                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq            20795                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            21458                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           21458                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         19900                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5183                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        59700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        79923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                139623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2547200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3179904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                5727104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           45106                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1206656                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            91647                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.014883                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.121086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  90283     98.51%     98.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1364      1.49%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              91647                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           89486000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          29850000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          39961500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
